Hello and welcome to another edition of Washington Spotlight.
The vital question under discussion today is, are congressional investigations being
overdone? And our two guests are Senator Clyde Hoey of North Carolina and Senator
Estes-Keef-Auber of Tennessee. And we'll talk to some representative Americans,
but first, here's something else of interest.
Earlier today, we sampled the opinions of several representative Americans on this vital
question of the day down at the Capitol Step. Here we are to sample some opinions of representative
Americans at the Capitol Step. May I ask your name?
I'm Fred Morrassert.
Mr. Morrass, you and our subject today is, our congressional investigation being overdone.
What do you think about that?
I don't think they are. You think all the exposures we've had of scandals and
the arrestings might have been good, do you?
I think most of them are in large years.
Don't you think we may injure some innocent people if we drag so many investigations into life?
Well, I think possible we have to do that to catch the guilty few.
Some people have to be heard perhaps to get the guilty.
I'm afraid so.
Thank you, Mr. Morrassert.
Thank you.
And now may I ask your name?
Mrs. Robert Hammondway.
Mrs. Hammondway, how do you feel about this rash of congressional investigations we're having?
Well, I think it's wrong.
Why do you feel like this?
Well, there's a lot of time spent and money spent that I feel we could spend
another place, for instance, Korea.
Do you think Congress is neglecting its real function for a lot of sidelines in other countries?
Well, sidelines are important, but there are some things today that are more important.
That are a lot more important, such as containing cons.
Well, yes.
Thank you very much.
Now, your name is...
Dorothy Cortland of New York City.
Ms. Cortland, what do you think about this rash of congressional investigations?
I think they're very good.
I think that the people are an integral part of the government and they are entitled to know
if the government is diseased or not.
We ought to have even more than we've had.
Certainly, because if the people don't know what's going on, they can't let Congress
when they can do a clean job.
And you're not afraid of discrediting all of the problems?
No, I'm not.
Thank you, Ms. Cortland.
There we've had the opinions of some representative Americans.
Now we're going to ask the first of our two special guests, Senator Keifob or some of his views
on this important question. Senator Keifob or you have a minute.
Mr. Chow's, I think the problems of government, both domestic and foreign have become so complex.
That is necessary that we have full and adequate investigations, not only so members of Congress
can know what laws to pass, but so the public can be informed and so we can also keep
in touch with what the executive department of government is doing with the laws that we pass.
I'm for full investigations, I think we can do better in avoiding duplication,
but it's better to have too many than too little.
Thank you, Senator Keifob.
And now, Senator Hoey, you have a minute to sum up the same subject.
I think it is necessary and essential to have investigations.
I think, however, we should have care.
They will not have so many investigations by Congress.
The Congress might be considered to perform its functions by investigating instead of
legislating. Of course, it's essential to have investigations in order to be able
to properly pass legislation to deal with these questions.
Nevertheless, I think it is difficult to decide just where you will draw the line.
So many committees, developed matters, which they wish to investigate,
and therefore we have none numbered investigations proceeding at the same time.
And as a result, we have much duplication.
Thank you, and you have a lot of confusion, too, don't you, Senator?
No doubt about this.
I'd like to put a question up to both, you gentlemen.
I think that a lot of people feel that this thing has been overdone and that you have
discredit in all the functions of government.
What do you think about that, Senator Keifob?
Mr. Charles, I think we need a revaluation of our whole investigative process.
I agree fully with Senator Hoey that we ought to avoid duplication
that we ought to get out on irrelevant matters and that the purpose
investigation ought to be to enable us to get the facts with which to pass laws,
informing the public is, of course, a very essential byproduct.
Don't you have a resolution up on that, Senator?
Yes, I do. I think one of the great effects of our congressional investigations
is this resolution that you have here that seeks to cure S. Conrest 44.
In other words, that all of our investigating committees ought to have a standard rule
of procedure which will protect the rights of individuals without impairing to any
substantial extent the investigative prerogative of comfort.
You don't want to hurt any individual by dragging them through?
Well, I noticed, remember Senator Hoey, you had a very important investigation on the RFC,
wasn't it? Didn't you have General Vaughn up there?
Yes, we've had a number of investigations.
And I think...
Don't you feel that General Vaughn, do you feel you gave him a fair deal up there or no?
I think that most everybody would admit that those who appeared before are committed
have had a square deal.
You had a deep investigation.
How deep did the investigation that you had that?
Our investigations have been characterized by an evidence and an effort to undertake
to abstain the truth and not to deal in just smears.
And I think it's unfortunate to have any investigation where you adopt or permit
while an unfounded rumours to be circulated to guest men in public position.
Well, another thing about this investigation, I noticed Senator Keifover,
you had a tremendous following out through the country as a result of your inquiry,
and especially as a result of television.
But is that being followed up now?
Are we putting people in jail who should be put in jail?
Well, the purpose of an investigation is not to put people in jail,
but frankly, Marcus, I've been very highly pleased with the action that's been taken
in states and counties and all over the country as a result of the facts that we disclosed.
I think that Woodrow Wilson said that when the American people know the facts about some wrong
doing, they're going to find some remedy.
And I think much is to be done, but I am very well pleased.
But don't you think you got a kind of cynicism here, Senator Hoey, you had Castello,
he gets acquitted, didn't he the other day?
Well, no, he didn't get acquitted.
It was a hung jury, 11-13, and one more acquittal.
So he's going to be tried over again, but of course, Jack Goosey.
Greasy thumb, Goosey.
Greasy thumb, he got acquitted, and that was a really very great disappointment to say the least.
I'm going to say that as far as our communities concern, naturally, we're not prosecutors,
but we have turned over to the Department of Justice, the evidence which has been developed
before our committee in this result.
In all most every instance, somebody's been convicted and sentenced to penitentiary.
Well, I wonder if you feel, Senator Hoey, that what you did resulted in the cleaning up of the RFC?
Well, I wouldn't say that broadly, but I think that the investigation has taken two months.
Now, Senator Hoey has done a very fair and outstanding job.
I think he isn't planned to be two mothers.
That's characteristic of him.
That's very generous, but on the other hand, I think that the number of investigation
conducted have been helpful.
For instance, we conducted this Mississippi office sale, which resulted in the indictment of 8-10
people in Mississippi, two have already played guilty.
Well, wherever there's this sort of miscarriage of justice in the sense of the administration of justice,
become intended.
Of course, I get the whether the corruption or bribery, I think it ought to be exposed,
and I think the very exposing of it saves and proves as a deterrent.
I get the impression there's some politics in these investigations, too.
Wasn't it out of your investigation we got in the coat, Senator Hoey?
Well, that developed in another investigation, but the reason, too, the RFC.
I think we're going to hear about that in the fall, aren't we?
That may be mentioned.
But on the way, on the other hand, the Alchemydiers pursued the policy of not getting politics into it.
We have a committee, of course, Sub-Commitic force of seven, four Democrats and three Republicans.
But so far, in all reports filed, we have been able to file a unanimous report.
I see.
So the politics hasn't ended too well.
I think I should say in that connection, Marcus, also, that our Senate crime investigation,
we never had a minority report, and I don't think any politics came into it.
I believe in what any congressional committee starts out with a determination to get the facts
without regard to persecuting anybody or protecting anybody, just to get the plain facts to
clean up a situation that you can do it without politics playing.
Well, but here you are, a candidate for President, Senator.
You can't deny that maybe the investigation has something to do with that.
Might have been a contributing cause.
Well, here he became a great figure, didn't he, on the table, on screens?
Well, I don't want to be known as a crime investigator.
I've been in Congress a long time, Marcus, as you know, working on that.
That's a lot of other things.
Foreign relations and animal opylene and a lot of other things, so.
I want to agree that there was a Senate that he posted a statement about adopting a uniform rule
about conducting investigatory.
Do you think we've been too...
Shut down, sir.
I've got to be a shot guy.
I think, yes, said one committee made up one rule and one different one.
But I think in every committee, the individual appearing before
and order have a fair chance.
They ought not to be a dignified manager.
Their rights ought not to be impinged upon.
And then another thing, I don't believe that in these committees,
we all let rumors and groundless statements be made and hurled against people who are not involved.
Gentlemen, I'd like to get...
We're going to have some good fine revelations out of this session of Congress.
Now, can you give us some...
Well, in the last session of Congress, we had 130 investigations.
I think a good many of them have been continued on.
So I imagine this will be an investigating Congress also.
I hear quite a lot about the...
...anyone property custodian's office.
Well, now, the Judiciary Committee of the Senate has to resolution...
...a few days ago to enable investigation of the alien property custodian.
Are you, Senator Geef-Oper going to continue your crime investigation?
No, our crime investigation...
...is not discontinued on 1 September.
And our rights went to the Interstate and Foreign Commerce Committee,
which can take it up anytime it wants to.
My feeling is we should get the facts for legislative purposes,
and discontinue and try to get our legislation through.
And in the case of the crime investigation,
hope that the local people and state governments would carry on.
And they have in our case, that's the...
What about you, Senator? How are we?
But I hear more about...
The RFC or no.
No, my committee is a pun, and I submit on investigations.
We deal with all manner of things affecting expenditures in the government.
I see. So that we have a variety of pieces.
Gentlemen, I'm sorry I'm...
I'm sorry I'm stuck in the rough.
Thank you, Senator Hoey. Thank you, Senator Geef-Oper.
And before we tell you about next week's guests at our program,
here is a message of special interest.
We hope you've enjoyed this edition of Washington Spotlight,
and that you'll be with us again next week.
When our subject will be, do we need universal military training?
And our special guests will be Admiral Thomas Kincaid,
of President Truman's Commission to Study,
Universal Military Training, and James Kerry, Secretary of the CIO.
Until then, this is Marcus Childs, signing off for a Washington Spotlight.